[core] Add configurable stream flush interval per world (#1533)
vercel/workflow: .changeset/configurable-stream-flush-interval.md

---
"@workflow/world": patch
"@workflow/core": patch
"@workflow/world-local": patch
"@workflow/world-postgres": patch
---

> Add `streamFlushIntervalMs` option to `Streamer` interface, allowing non-Vercel world implementations to configure the stream write buffer flush interval. Defaults to 10ms (unchanged behavior). Set to 0 for immediate flushing on backends with sub-millisecond writes.

Author: ```suggestion
Add `streamFlushIntervalMs` option to `Streamer` interface, optional for worlds to allow overwriting the default of 10ms in low-latency environments.
```
